 He completed his PhD from Monash University, Australia, and MSc from University of Victoria, Canada. He held visiting professor positions in Washington University in St. Louis, USA, Osaka University, Japan, and University of Nantes, France. Email: mahbub.hassan@unsw.edu.au : 
 Sanjay is the head of the CySPri Laboratory. His current research focuses on Cybersecurity. In particular, he is interested in research at the intersection of networking, both wired and wireless networking, and security. Email: sanjay.jha@unsw.edu.au : 
 Carroll Morgan studied in Australia, moved to Oxford in 1982, and returned in 2000. He is the author (jointly) of two books on Formal Methods; a third will appear in 2019. His time is divided equally between UNSW and Data61. Email: carroll.morgan@unsw.edu.au : 
 Fethi's research interests are in Software Engineering (Software Design, Big Data Analytics) and Computing applications in Social and Economic Sciences (Commerce, Business, Finance and Health). Email: f.rabhi@unsw.edu.au : 
 Sowmya teaches and researches in learning in vision, specifically medical imaging and remote sensing. Email: a.sowmya@unsw.edu.au : 
 Rons research concerns logic in computer science, with a focus on applications to reasoning about uncertainty, distributed computing, multi-agent systems and computer security. He heads the UNSW Blockchain Interest Group, interested in distributed ledger technologies, smart contracts and cryptocurrency. Email: r.vandermeyden@unsw.edu.au : 
 Wei has extensive expertise in (1) data management, query, and analysis, and (2) artificial intelligence (including Natural Language Processing, knowledge graphs, and AI security). Email: weiw@unsw.edu.au : 
 Oliver develops methods for the design, test and implementation of digital systems in reconfigurable logic devices called Field-Programmable Gate Arrays. His interest is in dynamically reconfigurable digital systems in which the circuits are modified while the system is operational. Email: o.diessel@unsw.edu.au : 
 Serge heads the Algorithms group. His research focuses on algorithms for solving NP-hard problems, especially graph and reasoning problems, with applications in Boolean satisfiability, computational social choice, constraint satisfaction, and resource allocation. Email: serge.gaspers@unsw.edu.au : 
 Salils research spans Internet of Things, Blockchain, Pervasive Computing, Security and Privacy. He has received several best paper awards and his research is regularly featured in the media. He is a recipient of the Humboldt Research Fellowship. Email: salil.kanhere@unsw.edu.au Web: http://www.salilkanhere.net Google Scholar: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=sgqmaPMAAAAJ Researchgate: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Salil_Kanhere : 
 Raymonds research expertise lies in database systems, big data, text analytics and data mining. Email: wong@cse.unsw.edu.au : 
 Alan's research interests include self-learning for strategic games, robot navigation, language processing, convolutional network architectures and training, adversarial and coevolutionary dynamics, multi-task learning, hierarchical evolution and computational creativity. Email: z3029739@unsw.edu.au : 
 Annie current research interests are low power and secure systems design, especially in the area of computer hardware and ubiquitous and cloud computing. Email: h.guo@unsw.edu.au : 
 Nadine Marcuss research focuses on multimedia educational technology design to improve learning, which involves collecting empirical data to inform theories, and contributions to the creation of a commercialised eLearning software platform, SmartSparrow. She has extensive Educational Technology related publications. Email: nadinem@unsw.edu.au : 
 Helen teaches in Web engineering areas. Her research interests include applications of AI techniques to text and information knowledge extraction, cyber security and process automation. Email: h.paik@unsw.edu.au : 
 Andrew's research interests focus on computational bioacoustics and other applications of machine learning to biology. He is also interested in tools to support learning for novice programmers. Email: andrewt@unsw.edu.au : 
 Weis research interests are in the field of smart transport and smart cities. Current research includes transport system modelling and optimisation, large-scale traffic modelling and simulation, transport economics, and urban data analytics. He teaches in numerical methods and transport systems. Email: wei.liu@unsw.edu.au : 
 Christines research focuses on using programming language techniques (such as type systems and certifying compilers) along with interactive theorem provers (such as Coq and Isabelle/HOL) for proving that software systems are correct and secure. Email: c.rizkallah@unsw.edu.au : 
 Huis current research areas include embedded systems, IoT and deep learning. Email: huiw@unsw.edu.au : 
 Pawels research interest includes machine learning and its applications to speech and language processing. and is experienced in carrying research in both academic and industrial labs. Email: p.swietojanski@unsw.edu.au : 
 Xinwei's research interests mainly focus on programming languages, compiler technology, program analysis, high-performance computing, and optimization. Currently, he is working on the project of static analysis for bug detection. Email: xinwei.xie@unsw.edu.au : 
 Boualem is the Head of the Service Oriented Computing Research Group at CSE. His research interests include in Web service engineering, business process management, crowdsourcing, data curation, cognitive services cloud computing and applications. Email: b.benatallah@unsw.edu.au : 
 Gernot works on operating systems for security- and safety-critical uses, cybersecurity, real-time systems and architectural support mechanisms. Achievements include the first verification of an operating system, an OS on the secure enclave of all iOS devices, and two start-ups. Email: gernot@unsw.edu.au : 
 Xuemin's resarch lies in Big Data Computing, including indexing, algorithms, and system development. Recently, Xuemin's research focus is on Big Graph computing including distributed environment. Xuemin is the EIC of IEEE Transaction on Knowledge and Data Engineering. Email: lxue@cse.unsw.edu.au : 
 Sris serves as the head for Computer Engineering. His research interests are in System Level Synthesis, Low power systems, High Level Systems and Network on Chips. Email: sri.parameswaran@unsw.edu.au : 
 Claudes research is focussed on Machine Learning and its applications in robotics, with a special focus on developing transparent and explainable AI systems. Email: c.sammut@unsw.edu.au : 
 Michaels current research focuses on Knowledge Representation and Robots with General Intelligence. he will be the General Chair for KR'2020. Email: mit@unsw.edu.au : 
 Toby Walsh is a Fellow of the Australia Academy of Science and of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, a Humboldt Award winner and recipient of the NSW Premier's Prize for Excellence in Engineering and ICT. Email: z3193295@unsw.edu.au : 
 Jinglings research interests are in the areas of programming languages, compiler technology and program analysis, with a recent focus on developing static and dynamic techniques for improving the safety and security of real-world software applications. Email: j.xue@unsw.edu.au : 
 Chuns primary research is to understand how biochemical networks can be used to process information and to perform computation. This research has led to better understanding on how living cells process information and methodology to design synthetic biochemical circuits. Email: c.t.chou@unsw.edu.au : 
 Kevin's research and teaching interests lie in the area of computer operating systems, with specific interests in security, microkernels, real-time systems, and trustworthy embedded systems. Email: k.elphinstone@unsw.edu.au : 
 Aleks interests include signal processing; secure data aggregation in sensor networks, algorithms for embedded systems and educational use of puzzles for teaching problem solving. Email: a.ignjatovic@unsw.edu.au : 
 Wayne works on applications of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in collaboration with colleagues from Social Sciences and Law. Current research involves development of new data mining methods for analysing news and social media to extract conflict-related events, determine political sentiment, predict the likelihood of a protest being violent, and improve decision making in humanitarian contexts. Email: w.wobcke@unsw.edu.au : 
 Wenjie is currently an member of the Data and Knowledge Research Group, . Her research interests include graph processing, spatial data analysis, and uncertain data analysis. Email: wenjie.zhang@unsw.edu.au : 
 Mikes research interests are on knowledge-level machine learning using representations from artificial intelligence for autonomous and human-centred systems with applications to biology, finance and social networks. Email: m.bain@unsw.edu.au : 
 Bruno is head of Studies for the Bioinformatics Engineering program. Originally a molecular biologist, he has worked both in research and industry. His research interests span multiple areas of bioinformatics with a focus on the immune system. Email: bgaeta@unsw.edu.au : 
 Wen's research expertise is in mobile computing, embedded systems, compressive sensing, and network security, with a recent focus on on reliable, secure and low power IoT systems. He works as the Chief Scientist (part time) in WBS Tech. Email: wen.hu@unsw.edu.au : 
 Eric's research interests revolve around the logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence, in relation in particular to Inductive inference, Formal learning theory, and Logic programming. They aim at unifying the various modes of reasoning captured by theories that taken together, are inconsistent. Email: eric.martin@unsw.edu.au : 
 John has taught a wide range of courses (from introductory programming to database internals), and researches information extraction and educational technology. Email: jas@cse.unsw.edu.au : 
 Lina 's research interest lies in Data Mining and Machine Learning applications with the focuses on Internet of Things analytics, recommendation systems, human activity recognition and Brain-Computer Interface. Email: lina.yao@unsw.edu.au : 
 Xin's research interests are in the area of databases, information retrieval, data mining, and machine learning applications. Email: xin.cao@unsw.edu.au : 
 Gelareh is a lecturer at UNSW Sydney. She is working in human-computer interaction domain. Her research interests lie in the area of social signal processing, a computing domain aiming at modelling, analysis and synthesis of non-verbal behaviour. Email: g.mohammadi@unsw.edu.au : 
 Yangs research expertise is in machine learning applications in biomedical imaging analysis and general computer vision. Email: yang.song1@unsw.edu.au : 
 Hariss research interests include artificial intelligence, algorithms, and game theory. He has previously received the Chris Wallace Research Excellence Award and IEEE AI 10-to-watch award Email: haris.aziz@unsw.edu.au : 
 Alfred is a Research Fellow at UNSW Sydney with background in both software engineering and AI. After receiving my PhD in 2012, he have been working on recommender systems, text and stream mining and knowledge extraction from social media. Email: alfredk@unsw.edu.au : 
 Christoph's research is in the area of knowledge representation and reasoning in artificial intelligence, including topics such as computationally tractable reasoning about knowledge and belief in dynamic systems and implementation techniques of practical reasoning systems. Email: c.schwering@unsw.edu.au : 
